---
title: test post
date: 2022-01-01 5:00:00 
categories: []
tags: []
layout: post
toc: true
comments: false
math: false
mermaid: false
published: false
---

# Custom promts

{% include important.html content="This is important. All the content is treated as a single paragraph." %}
{% include note.html content="This is note. All the content is treated as a single paragraph." %}
{% include tip.html content="This is tip. All the content is treated as a single paragraph." %}
{% include warning.html content="This is warning. All the content is treated as a single paragraph." %}
Following files have been added 
- _includes/important.html
- _includes/note.html
- _includes/tip.html
- _includes/warning.html
- _data/alerts.html

Source [Github link](https://github.com/tomjoht/documentation-theme-jekyll/tree/gh-pages)  
Docs [Documentation](https://idratherbewriting.com/documentation-theme-jekyll/mydoc_alerts.html)

# Jekyll markdown promts

>**Tip - header**  
>This is tip.
>
>This have ability for multiline. 
{: .prompt-tip }

>**Info - header**  
>This is info.
>
>This have ability for multiline. 
{: .prompt-info }

>**Warning - header**  
>This is warning.
>
>This have ability for multiline. 
{: .prompt-warning }

>**Danger - header**  
>This is danger.
>
>This have ability for multiline. 
{: .prompt-danger }


# Ethical hacking prompt

## Long version
>**Disclaimer: Ethical hacking content**  
>This post is intended for educational and demonstration purposes only. It contains information related to ethical hacking, also known penetration testing. Ethical hacking involves assessing the security of computer systems, networks, and devices with proper authorization.  
>Hacking, without proper consent, is illegal and unethical. This post explicitly does not promote or encourage any illegal activities, including unauthorized access to devices, networks, or systems.  
>ALWAYS practice ethical hacking techniques within the boundaries of your own networks, devices, and environments. Obtain appropriate permission and written consent before attempting any form of penetration testing on systems that do not belong to you.  
>Remember, the purpose of ethical hacking is to identify vulnerabilities and improve security. By adhering to legal and ethical guidelines, you contribute to a safer digital environment. This post emphasizes responsible and lawful practices to ensure everyone's safety and protect against potential harm.  
>
>Stay ethical, stay safe!
{: .prompt-warning }

## Short version
>**Disclaimer: Ethical hacking content**  
>This post is intended for educational and demonstration purposes only. 
> 
>Hacking, without proper consent, is illegal and unethical. This post explicitly does not promote or encourage any illegal activities, including unauthorized access to devices, networks, or systems.  
>
>ALWAYS practice ethical hacking techniques within the boundaries of your own networks, devices, and environments or have appropriate permission and written consent from the owner of your target.
>
>__Stay ethical, stay safe!__
{: .prompt-warning }